Hi everyone, welcome to our EICB tour, aboard the Earth Interplanetary Cosmos Base. I am Amelia Gagnon and you're looking through the lens of our resident robo-naut, Recordo! 
Sorry you can't see my face, but all us astronauts have to keep our suits on for the time being. We're all fine and well, it's just a time-consuming process we're going through. With all that, let's get started.
So over here is our exercise station, used by our 3-time Olympic gold medalist, Jaxon Kelly!
She keeps responding that everything is normal...How could the AI of the shuttle do that to the airlo-
DAH!-Oh!-Hey-O! Amelia, Recordo, HE is working alright, yeah?
Of course, my adorable robot pal is a-okay!
Very funny, just remember he's my little baby Amelia!
Oookay Jack!
SCENECHANGE
ZZZZZZzzzzzzz...
There's Haru, Haru Soma. In his little hidey hole. Didn't have much adjusting to do.
ZZZZZZ... NO EVIL CAN CONTROL OUR AI SYS....zzzzzzz... 
Even in his suit he's got all the comfort he needs.
ZZZZZZ... what-why supply vessel smash airlock...zzzz...
SCENECHANGE
There're living beings down there, do we know why they're not responding?
Haven't a clue, distress messages are handled by the AI. Really the guys and gals should be handling
-This is Niklas Vogel and miss Elvira Volkov. Niklas, can you tell the people watching what Elvira is doing?
Uh... not the best time Amelia... Well, it's Just a normal radiation test. Her levels are bit higher than last time.
But not higher than my plants. I made those babies invincible. By god I can assure you the rest of Chernobyl will be the new Château de Versailles.
Ho oh. How I've needed someone with a bit of gusto like yourself. My own kids could learn a thing or two from you.
Okay Amelia, you've got us on camera, leave us be.
SCENECHANGE
This is my station! I watch the stars and I get to see you guys the most! I keep star charts and follow-
AMELIA! I need to run a recursive check on Recordo's AI!
Oh god... Uh, Sorry! We'll cut this short and start up later today!
SCENECHANGE
We got some new items in the recent supply drop. Time for a test.
Amelia, you know what you're doing right?
Of course, we're showing off Recordo's decision making. I just ask a question like Recordo's human.
Just don't let the snacks get too close to the circuitry!
*Chuckle* It isn't playing with your food if you write down the results Jack.
Jaxon, why are you giving her Recordo? You already know it works.
I'm worried about Marl-
-Someone get Haru.
You're fastest Jack, you go.
Fine…
Haru are you ready?…
Silence means yes, helmet boy!
I got him!
You wanted to make breakfast for the dear, yes?
He pushes himself too hard, still snoozin'.
So, we're going to make him breakfast! 
Recordo: since we're making Haru cereal, should we pour out the flakes or the milk first?
(A) FLAKES or (B) MILK
DECISION(A)
As you can see, Haru's breathing displaced the milk with air, covering his face with a bubble.\
DECISION(B)
With such little gravity, the pressure of simply tearing the bag caused the whole package to explode.
SCENECHANGE
Okay, so this is going to be my experiment?
Power's out.
I'm not a fan of this.
...You two don't seem worried...
Agreed! A power out is never normal! Something is a foot!
We have more than enough oxygen to solve this ourselves. Recordo's still operating so we still have a signal back to earth.
Now, now, is everyone feeling okay?
We've got all we need to handle it!
I'm fine, but what should we do first?
Find source of the power-outage and contact Earth about the problem.
Plus, stay calm, panic only leads to stupid decisions.
Where are my babies!? I have to see if they reacted to this or not!
I'll find what the source of the problem is, you can find me in Nod 2!
I can't keep track of what's where without light!
Just find your station, it's got windows-
SCENECHANGE
Those are the THRUSTERS!
EVERYONE STICK TOGETHER!
NONE OF THE PANELS HAVE ANY POWER! 
WHAT'S DOING THIS!? 
WE NEED TO BRACE FOR IMPACT!!!
SCENECHANGE
END_ACT_ZERO